c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.exe.config
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.exe
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.pdb
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.g.resources
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.exe
c:\users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\PokerBaseEntity.pdb
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\vlad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\GetRequestWindow.baml
C:\Users\vlad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\GetRequestWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vlad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\ListPlayerUC.baml
C:\Users\vlad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PokerBaseEntity\PokerBaseEntity\obj\Debug\View\ListPlayerUC.g.cs
